List projects and facts about them (#51)
eiffel-community/community: PROJECTS.md

# Projects

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Project Facts](#project-facts)

## Overview

Eiffel Community is home to various projects that enable the members of the community to use, contribute,
and collaborate on Eiffel.

The projects that are part of Eiffel Community adhere to the processes and procedured set by the community
and follow the [project lifecycle process](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md) for their creation, progression, and
archival.

Projects hosted in Eiffel Community could utilize one or more repositories under Eiffel Community organization
on GitHub and the main project repository is where the project facts are documented.

This document lists existing projects, links to the main project repository, and the lifecycle stage the
projects currently reside in.

Any change to the project facts listed in this document shall be done according to the instructions documented
in [project lifecycle process](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md).

## Project Facts

> The table below lists the projects hosted by Eiffel Community alphabetically. (except the protocol itself)

Reviewer: Does the the following wording make it more clear that "except the protocol itself" is about the sorting?

```suggestion
The table below lists the projects hosted by Eiffel Community alphabetically with the protocol itself listed first.
```

| ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| Eiffel Protocol         | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel)                  | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |
| Eiffel Commons          | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-commons)          | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |
| Eiffel Easy2Use         | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-easy2use)         | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |
| Eiffel Event Repository | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-event-repository) | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |

> | Eiffel Gerrit Herald    | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-gerrit-herald)    | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |

Reviewer: Was there a reason not to include:

- eiffel-gerrit-plugin https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-gerrit-plugin
- eiffel-jira-plugin https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-jira-plugin

Author: nope. i probably missed while browsing the repositories in GitHub Eiffel Community organization. Thanks for the pointer, will fix.

> | Eiffel GraphQL API      | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-graphql-api)      | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Eiffel GraphQL API      | A GraphQL API-layer set between the eiffel message bus and a MongoDB | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-graphql-api)      | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |
```

| Eiffel Intelligence     | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-intelligence)     | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |
| Eiffel Jenkins Plugin   | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-jenkins-plugin)   | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |

> | Eiffel Python Library   | TBD                                                             | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-pythonlib)        | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Eiffel Python Library   | A python library for subscribing to and publishing Eiffel events to a message-broker. | [Link](https://github.com/eiffel-community/eiffel-pythonlib)        | [Sandbox](./PROJECT_LIFECYCLE.md#stage-sandbox) |
```
